so if you've not realized by now the
human eye is an absolutely amazing thing
I mean seriously how much enjoyment does
it give us all we can use it to look at
beautiful women read books watch cool
movies and TV shows and watch our
favorite sports team play on TV or live
at the stadium whilst all these benefits
are obvious what you may not actually
realize is that you can also use your
eyes as an indication of your health
what really drives me to hopefully
create good content for this website is
that I genuinely want to help people and
hopefully make some people's lives a
little bit better no matter how tiny
that impact may be but doing the
research for this video today made me
realize that the other cool thing about
running improvement comm is that I get
to learn really cool stuff all the time
and I'm hoping that you find today's
information as interesting as I did when
I was researching it okay so the first
thing that your eyes can tell you is
that you may be in danger of a heart
attack or stroke if you have a great
ring that runs around the whole outer
edge of your eyeball or cornea as it's
technically you refer to then this can
be a sign of having high cholesterol and
triglyceride levels if you notice this
gray ring on the outside of your entire
cornea then go to the doctor and have a
blood test especially if you are under
the age of 60 the next sign is that if
you notice red blotches on the white
sections of your eyes then this could be
an indication of high blood pressure
and/or diabetes if blood sugar builds up
in your body this can put pressure on
the blood vessels which can become
blocked and swollen regarding the eye
this issue can cause the vessels in the
retina to rupture and bleed if you
notice these go to the doctor
immediately
the next sign is when the whites of your
eyes are
the yellowish color also known as
jaundice which is a term you've probably
heard that newborn babies suffer from
but when an adult has jaundice of the
eye this is often an indication of
problems in your liver or gallbladder
the yellow cut is produced by a buildup
of bilirubin which is a byproduct of the
red blood cells that you liver can't
process if your eyes appear cloudy then
the most common reason is cataracts
which are more common in the elderly due
to the natural aging process but can
also occur with younger people which may
be a side effect from taking medications
or a more serious sign of having
diabetes or a tumor having noticeably
dry eyes for a woman may be an
indication that menopause is taking
place as the secretions in the eyes and
the tea ducts are affected by menopause
and quite a worrying and serious sighs
if each of your pupils is a noticeably
different size whilst this can be
harmless in some cases it can be an
indication of very serious condition
such as a brain optic nerve or neck
tumor stroke or aneurysm or even
multiple sclerosis okay so hopefully
today's video taught you a few things
that you didn't know before you watch
this video today as this is the aim of
my website really I much appreciate you
tuning in and watching today and I look
forward to seeing your WWN proof matcom
tomorrow and until then guys keep
learning and improving